{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang4105\deflangfe4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f2\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Consolas;}}
{\colortbl ;\red153\green153\blue153;\red200\green211\blue245;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont1\mnaryLim0\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\cf1\b\f0\fs28\lang9 WooDesign Technology\par
\cf0 Terms of reference for the development of a website\par
\par
1. Basic information\par
\b0 Woodtech Architecture is a company specializing in the professional development of design and implementation of beautiful unique interiors, wood installations. The main focus is on the quality and safety of the materials used from renowned Italian manufacturers. \par
\b 2. Website tasks\par
Project type: \b0 Commercial site.\par
\b Goals / Objectives: \b0 Improving the company's image on the network, attracting new customers online, demonstrating the catalog of works (Portfolio). \par
\b 3. Site audience\b0\par
Target audience table (user group, person) of the site, audience goals. \par
\trowd\trgaph108\trleft124\trrh867\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat3\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2547\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx5898\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx8926 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\ul\b\fs22\lang4105 Client\ulnone\b0\lang9\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\sa160\ul\b\lang4105 What are their values \ulnone\b0\lang9\cell\ul\b\lang4105 What are the goals of the visitors\ulnone\b0\lang9\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft124\trrh867\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat3\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2547\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx5898\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx8926 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\lang4105 Demanding, secured customer, in the process of complex renovation of an apartment, premises \lang9\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\sa160\lang4105 Style, high level of service and performance, environmental friendliness of materials \lang9\cell\lang4105 Find a worthy performer as soon as possible \lang9\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft124\trrh867\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat3\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2547\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx5898\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx8926 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\lang1033 Residential complexes, construction organizations \lang9\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\sa160\lang4105 Speed of work, partner reliability, cost optimization \lang9\cell\lang4105 Quickly and efficiently implement a design solution into a construction site \lang9\cell\row\trowd\trgaph108\trleft124\trrh867\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\clcfpat3\clcbpat4\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx2547\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx5898\clbrdrl\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrt\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrr\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3\clbrdrb\brdrw5\brdrs\brdrcf3 \cellx8926 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\lang4105 A customer who wants to slightly change the interior, install a decor element \lang9\cell 
\pard\intbl\nowidctlpar\sa160\lang4105 Service level, style, speed of work \lang9\cell\lang4105 Quickly find a suitable design solution, possibly from ready-made Portfolio options \lang9\cell\row 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\hyphpar0\sa160\b\fs32 4. Site structure\par
\b0 The diagram of links of all pages of the site is reflected in the file "design / wireframes / mind_map.png".\par
Prototypes of all pages of the site are located in the "design / wireframes /" folder. \par
\fs22\lang4105 Basic site structure: \b Home, Projects, Services, Blog, Company Information\par
\lang9\par
\fs26 4.1. Home page\par
\b0 Desired home page structure:\par
\f1\u10625?\f0\lang9  Hat in the form of a slider with cool artworks, on top - Logo, Menu, necessarily icons of social networks, where Instagram is in the first place\par
\f1\u10625?\f0\lang9  Trust section, with our achievements, phone number and a button for feedback\par
\f1\u10625?\f0\lang9  Section with the best works with the option "Upload works" below. In fact, the best works from the portfolio should be displayed here (menu "Projects")\par
\f1\u10625?\f0\lang9  A section with a brief information about us that inspires confidence, to focus on the advantages of our company. Decorate to your liking.\par
\f1\u10625?\f0\lang9  Be sure to place a section of partners and suppliers with whom we work\par
\f1\u10625?\f0\lang9  In the last section, you can place the latest blog posts with the ability to go to the "Blog" section.\par
\fs22\par
\b\fs26 4.2. Projects\par
\b0 The projects page should be concise and display projects as cards - from best to worst. The admin panel should be able to sort the works by the content manager.\par
On the page of each project, there must be a carousel of images on top, under the heading with photographs of the object, below the specification (basic data) of the project, and a senior architect must also be indicated. The text part is designed in a free style with the ability to add photos and format text. \fs22\par
\b\fs26 4.3. Services\par
\b0 A list of services should be drawn up on this page. According to your taste. A separate service, blog, or benefit page (generic page) should have a photo of the post on top and text. At the bottom of the page there should be a button, when clicking on which, the user gets to the root section, for example, a blog, all services or all benefits.\par
The list of our services (key areas, by importance): Interior design, Design (space), Supply of materials, Renovation and restoration, Concept creation.\par
\b\par
4.4. Blog\par
\b0 This page should contain a list of articles. The publication date (without the year), title, photograph, short text and a link to the full article must be indicated. All articles should be displayed in one feed, without sections. Navigation between old and new blog posts can be normalized - forward, backward, and possibly intermediate pages 1, 2, 3, etc. (Pagination).\b\par
\par
4.5.1 Company / About company\par
\b0 On this page, the text "About the company" should be drawn up. Be sure to place a photo of our installation in the text.\b\par
\par
4.5.2 Company / Benefits\par
\b0 Here you should fill out a list of our advantages. You can arrange something interesting, add icons, etc., to your taste.\b\par
\par
4.5.3 Company / Our partners\par
\b0 A list of our partners with the partner's logo and text about each partner. A separate page for each partner is not required yet.\b\par
\par
4.5.4 Company / Contacts\par
\b0 On this page, it is imperative to place the feedback form in the visible part. Our operators answer quickly enough, so you can specify this information somewhere. Of course, here you need to fill out the address and telephone number. You can also insert a map with our address from some service - Google, etc. \fs22\par
\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\fs28 5. Additions\par
\b0 + Responsive layout\par
+ Basic SEO code optimization\par
+ Optimize download speed\par
+ Required level of cross-browser compatibility - all latest versions of browsers\par
+ Domain in the .ua zone\par
+ Home page as a capture page (Landing page)\par
+ Convenient CMS for website content management\par
+ Branded colors and stylistic solutions:\par
Accent: # f88500\par
Text color: # 333333\par
Dark color: # 202328\par
Deep\lang1033  \lang9 color\lang1033 : # 171\lang9 a\lang1033 1\lang9 a\lang1033  \cf2\f2\fs21\par
\cf0\f0\fs22\par
}
 